Now let's take a closer look at the AWS SDKs and how they
can be used to send data into Kinesis.
So, why would we use the AWS SDKs?
Well, to start,
there are a variety of different AWS SDKs for many
different programming languages.
You can create applications using Python,
PHP, Go, Node.js, and others when you're using the SDKs,
rather than just Java,
like some of the previous tools I mentioned,/ You can also embed some
of these libraries directly in mobile applications,
which makes them useful when you're creating mobile applications
that need to stream data directly to Kinesis.
AWS SDKs are also typically favored when you have a lower rate producers,
like mobile devices, some IoT devices, and some web clients.
Now, there's a few options for the AWS SDKs.
You can either send in a single record to Kinesis with the PutRecord operation,
or you can send in multiple records at once with the PutRecords operation.
Regardless of the SDK and programming language you use,
you should have equivalent options when you're interacting with Kinesis.
So now let's visualize how the AWS SDKs work with Kinesis.
There's a variety of different scenarios in which the AWS SDK
might be used to get our data into Kinesis.
We might have a very similar example where we have an Amazon EC2 instance
that contains something like a Python application or any other language
that's a supportive language for the AWS SDKs.
Now that application might leverage the AWS SDK for Python,
in this case Boto 3,
in order to send data over to Kinesis using the
PutRecords or PutRecord operations.
Now, once it gets over into the Kinesis Data Stream,
we can then use a variety of tools to get it back out.
We might also have something very similar when creating mobile
applications using something like the iOS SDKs.
This would allow us to directly put information into the
stream from the mobile application.
As a final example, we could have an IoT device,
like an IoT‑enabled camera or some sensor data that wants to send
data into Kinesis using the IoT Device SDK.
Behind the scenes,
there would be a bit more configuration with some of these
scenarios to work out the permissions and the configuration
required for these things to happen.
But overall,
these are other options when we want a more customized solution for sending data over to a Kinesis Data Stream.